# Commenting

## Requirements
- ruby '3.0.1'

## Overivew
As the application is very bare-bones and using SQLite as a database, in order to get the application running
one only has to run the following commands:
```shell
$ bundle install # install all third party libraries
$ rails db:setup # set up the database and install fake data, might take a minute

$ rails s # launch the app on localhost:3000
```

The next step for this application would be to dockerize it (I personally prefer adding docker-compose into the mix)
and migrate the database from SQLite to PostgreSQL.


The two resources in this app are Posts and Comments.

## Testing
### Run tests automatically with rspec
```shell
$ bundle exec rspec
```
With the limited time, I have sadly not done the amount of tests that I would've liked; the ones that are present are
mostly those generated by scaffolding. I have however add FactoryBot in order to create resources with ease and Faker
to enter "interesting" fake content to the Comments and Posts.

### Run tests manually with Postman
I have also included a Postman collection and environment that can be used to test the api manually, you can find them
in the `postman` directory of this repository which gives a nive user interface to interact with the api, please have
a look at the documentation.

## What's next?
As said before, I would've liked to spend a bit more time on unit and integration testing, especially on the core
value of the app which is retrieving comments by offsets. Dockerizing the application would also make it fairly 
platform-agnostic and ready for sharing / deploying. Last but not least, deleting the comments and posts should
not actually delete the resource, but only the content as it is very important to keep the index in order to 
not loose comments (or use another means of indexing).